UsingAlternative: using gameevents to teleport the player to normal spawn points initially and to the sky on resurrect

Info for LINUX an WINDOWS users:



SHORT INFO:
  
  copy spawnpoints.ALL_SPAWNS.xml over spawnpoints.xml
  
  start the game
  
  (LINUX)
    run the script: ./playerRespawnParachuteDaemon.sh
  
  (WINDOWS) (see (*1) first at the end)
    copy one random teleport command from this file: spawnpoints.Z_DEFAULT_NORMAL_SPAWNS_ONLY.xml
    just after you first spawn in the world and in less than 9s, open the console F1, paste the teleport command and hit Return/Enter key fast!
    everytime you die without a placed bed, type/paste on console in less than 9s just after you respawn: 
      teleport offset 0 2000 0 
    
  Obs.: (see (*2))




DETAILED INFO mainly for WINDOWS users that did not manage to install cygwin/xdotool-for-windows (or make them work as expected):

  How to use the file: spawnpoints.ALL_SPAWNS.xml ?
  
  It contains spawns everywhere in the world.
  In normal, hard and very hard regions.
  So if you die without a placed bed, the nearest spawn point on that region will be used, what is good.
  But... when starting a new game this file may be a bad idea, because you may be placed in a very hard location and you may not want that initially at least until you get used to this mod.

  But, if anyway you want to use this file instead of the default spawnpoints.Z_DEFAULT_NORMAL_SPAWNS_ONLY.xml file (that is the same of spawnpoints.xml I packaged), be sure to open the default file and look for the teleport command in each entry like: teleport -4509 2000 4434
  Chose one of these default teleport commands randomly and copy it to clipboard.
  That command must be used in the initial 9s just after you join the game the first time, because the ParachuteSQN buff will be active only for that time waiting a onSelfTeleported event to happen!
  So now, quicly, open the console F1 and Ctrl+v paste the full teleport command and hit Return/Enter key.
  You will be placed in the sky, the ParachuteSQN buff will kick in and prevent fall damage.
  Look down quickly and just wait, you will fall (probably) above some house, but if you prefer you can walk or run while falling to try to aim for another structure nearby (but as the world is still being prepared, it may lag and be difficult to aim properly).
  
  Also, everytime you die without a bed, the ParachuteSQN buff will be waiting for a teleport command for a short time.
  If you are not running the script playerRespawnParachuteDaemon.sh (that requires LINUX (*1)) you can type/paste this command on console F1:
    teleport offset 0 2000 0 
  But remember that after 9s, if you run that command, you will take fall damage and die.

PS.:
(*1) (WINDOWS)
  There is a github project called "xdotool-for-windows" that mimics the necessary 'key' press feature.
  If you manage to install it on cygwin, the script playerRespawnParachuteDaemon.sh may fully work!
  But I have not tested anything on windows tho.
(*2)
  After 9s, if you run these teleport commands (with y=2000), you will take fall damage and die, so do not run that command after that!
  But, you can try to use this item 'GSKParachuteSQN' and then use the teleport command quickly, that item calls the ParachuteSQN buff again.
